# Codebreaking Game
This is a computer codebreaking game similar to the paper and pencil game [bulls and cows](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulls_and_cows) or [pigs and bulls](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulls_and_cows) in that it uses digits for the code, the difference being that in the paper and pencil game digits must be all different, while in the computer version repetitions are permitted. In this aspect this game is more similar to the board game [Mastermind](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mastermind_(board_game)), which uses colours for the code and repetitions are permitted.

How it works:

A four digit code is generated by the computer; the player has ten tries to guess the code and after ten incorrect guesses the game is over. After each try feedback is given in the form of a black dot for each correct digit in the right place, a white dot for each correct digit in the wrong place and an x for each incorrect digit.

This is a trial and error game which seeks to develop critical thinking and logical deduction. Players learn how to analyze clues, form hypotheses and recognize patterns.

## Table of Contents

### <a href="#ux">1. User Experience (UX)</a>
- <a href="#project-goals">Project Goals</a>
- Developer Goals
- User Stories

### 2. Development

### 3. Design
- Features
- Typography
- Colour Scheme
- Wireframes

### 4. Technologies Used
- Languages Used
- Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

### 5. Deployment and Local Development
- Deployment
- Local Development

### 6. Testing
- Full Testing
- Solved Bugs 
- Known Bugs
- W3C Validator
- JavaScript Validation
- Lighthouse
- Behaviour Driven Development and Testing User Stories
- Test Driven Development

### 7. Credits
- Code Used
- Content
- Media
- Acknowledgements


## <h2 id="ux">1. User Experience (UX)</h2>

### <h3 id="project-goals">Project Goals</h3>
The goal of this project is to deliver a responsive, fully-functional, critical thinking game, suitable for players of all ages. In its final stage it would target particularly a younger audience segment through its imagery, sounds and levels of difficulty (players could choose the number of numerals that can be used to form the 4 digit code, with as few as 2 numerals: 0 and 1 forming the easiest level). Young children could start playing this as a fun game of chance, only to realize that in order to win they need to start developing some thinking strategies. 